# The Nicholas Center AHI 25' Chater Project 
In this repo contains all documents related to the Nicholas Center Fall Charter Project  - AHI 2025
## Project Overview 
In this project, our goal by the end of the semester was to provide our stakeholder at the Nicholas Center with cohesive and concise research on various passive technologies. These technologies can be used to monitor participants' moods, micro-expressions, and physiological data to gather insights within their quality-of-life application. This data ensures that the Nicholas Center provides an enriching environment, enabling them to report effectively to the state, participant families, and the overall facility.
### Project Table of Context 
1. xlsx files - These were deliverables that we presented to the nicholas center to our on-site visit in late october. *passive technologies* xlsx document is the original document presented to our stakeholder after the onsite tour. This lead to a deeper doscussion on narrowing specific research on facial , mood, and micro-aggressions research. You will then be able to find those in the xlsx *facial/mood dectection technology*. In both XLSX documents, you will find that these micro-literature reviews are organized by title, technology type, task description, and hyperlink. This structure was designed to present a large set of research data in a more manageable format for our stakeholders, allowing them to easily select and explore the articles they find most relevant.

2. PDF - *Ethnography Questions* - In this PDF, we utilized external resources and literature to explore ethnography-related questions aimed at investigating the end-user and participant environments and interactions. These external resources provided insights into engagement strategies for individuals with ASD, enabling us to adopt a comprehensive systems-thinking approach. This approach helped evaluate the quality-of-life application, including its current state and future workflow processes.
